# Red-Ball-431W
This repository contains the codebase for Lion State University Marketplace website. This repository is currently undergoing development, so there are many features that exist but may not be fully fleshed out.
The marketplace is a fully containerized app, with each service being its own container. This means that to launch the website, docker desktop must be installed and running. The current version of the website only supports the development container, not the production containers. The two current ways to launch the website are to use a devcontainer extension (the only confirmed working IDE and extension combination is Dev Container by Microsoft and VSCode) and build the devcontainer. The second way is to run "docker-compose -f dockercompose run" inside of the .devcontainer directory. This will spin up all containers, but will not give you access to any tools provided by the devcontainer. The current recommended way is to use the first option.
## Tools
This project uses many different tools and frameworks to both improve the website and make development easier. Docker is used to containerize the app and ensure that all developers can work on the project no matter the operating system of the user. Devcontainers are used to implement development specific tools in a shared environment. One of these tools is mySQL client which allows developers to easily view the state of the database. Flask is used as the backend framework, React is used as the frontend framework. SQLAlchemy is used as an ORM, with SQLAlchemy_Flask being used to better integrate all tools. 